Add visa letter template and generation script (#77)
ournetworks/2019: visas/letter.md

![letterhead](./letterhead.svg)

Toronto, ##date##

To the Canadian Embassy in ##embassy.country##

##embassy.address##
##embassy.phone##

**Subject: Invitation Letter for ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name##**

Dear Sir/Madam,

> My name is ##organizer.name##, I was born on ##organizer.dob##, and I am from Toronto, Canada. I am a Canadian citizen and I live in ##organizer.address##, ##organizer.country##. I am a co-organizer of an annual conference in Toronto called Our Networks, which explores our technology practices and collective maintenance of our network infrastructures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
My name is ##organizer.name##, I was born on ##organizer.dob##, and I am from Toronto, Canada. I am a Canadian citizen and I live in ##organizer.address##, ##organizer.country##. I am a co-organizer of an annual conference in Toronto called Our Networks, which explores networking technology practices and digital society.
```

> This letter confirms that ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name##, who is ##applicant.nationality##, born on ##applicant.dob## and currently living in ##applicant.address##, ##applicant.country##, is invited to participate at Our Networks 2019, held from September 20–22, 2019 at the Toronto Media Arts Centre. Details about the event can be found at our conference website: https://ournetworks.ca

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This letter confirms that ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name##, who is ##applicant.nationality##, born on ##applicant.dob## and currently living in ##applicant.address##, ##applicant.country##, is invited to participate at Our Networks 2019. The conference will be held from September 20–22, 2019 at the Toronto Media Arts Centre, details about the event can be found on our website: https://ournetworks.ca.
```

> ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is currently employed as ##affiliation.title## by ##affiliation.name## in ##affiliation.country##. Our Networks is inviting ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## to our conference to share ##applicant.pronoun## expertise and participate without monetary compensations from Our Networks. The cost of this trip, including flights, accomodation, and subsistence costs for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay in Toronto, is covered by ##sponsor.name##, ##sponsor.description##.

Author: ```suggestion
##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is currently employed as ##affiliation.title## by ##affiliation.name## in ##affiliation.country##. Our Networks is inviting ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## to our conference to share ##applicant.pronoun## expertise and participate without monetary compensations from Our Networks. The cost of this trip, including flights, accommodation, and subsistence costs for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay in Toronto, is covered by ##sponsor.name##, ##sponsor.description##.
```

> ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is currently employed as ##affiliation.title## by ##affiliation.name## in ##affiliation.country##. Our Networks is inviting ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## to our conference to share ##applicant.pronoun## expertise and participate without monetary compensations from Our Networks. The cost of this trip, including flights, accommodation, and subsistence costs for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay in Toronto, is covered by ##sponsor.name##, ##sponsor.description##.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is currently employed as ##affiliation.title## by ##affiliation.name## in ##affiliation.country##. Our Networks is inviting ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## to our conference to share ##applicant.pronoun## expertise and participate without monetary compensation from Our Networks. The cost of the trip, including flights, accommodation, and subsistence costs for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay in Toronto, is covered by ##sponsor.name##, ##sponsor.description##.
```

> If the travel visa is approved, ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## plans to arrive to Toronto a few days before the conference days and stay a couple days afterwards, depending on flight ticket arrangements. The total duration will fall within a two week period within September of 2019, given the conference is held from September 20-22. ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is a genuine visitor who is visiting Canada to participate at Our Networks 2019 and will not overstay ##applicant.pronoun## visa. Accomodation for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay is arranged at my primary residence: ##organizer.address##

Author: ```suggestion
If the travel visa is approved, ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## plans to arrive to Toronto a few days before the conference days and stay a couple days afterwards, depending on flight ticket arrangements. The total duration will fall within a two week period within September of 2019, given the conference is held from September 20-22. ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is a genuine visitor who is visiting Canada to participate at Our Networks 2019 and will not overstay ##applicant.pronoun## visa. Accommodation for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay is arranged at my primary residence: ##organizer.address##
```

> If the travel visa is approved, ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## plans to arrive to Toronto a few days before the conference days and stay a couple days afterwards, depending on flight ticket arrangements. The total duration will fall within a two week period within September of 2019, given the conference is held from September 20-22. ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is a genuine visitor who is visiting Canada to participate at Our Networks 2019 and will not overstay ##applicant.pronoun## visa. Accommodation for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay is arranged at my primary residence: ##organizer.address##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the travel visa is approved, ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## plans to arrive to Toronto a few days before the conference and stay a couple days afterward, depending on flight arrangements. The total duration will fall within a two week period in September 2019, given that the conference is September 20-22. ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## is a genuine visitor who is visiting Canada to participate at Our Networks 2019 and will not overstay ##applicant.pronoun## visa. Accommodation for the duration of ##applicant.pronoun## stay is arranged at my primary residence: ##organizer.address##.
```

> Feel free to contact me should you have any further questions regarding myself or ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name##.

Author: ```suggestion
Feel free to contact me should you have any further questions regarding myself or ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name##. You can also contact ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## directly at ##applicant.phone## and ##applicant.email##
```

> Feel free to contact me should you have any further questions regarding myself or ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name##. You can also contact ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## directly at ##applicant.phone## and ##applicant.email##

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feel free to contact me should you have any further questions regarding myself or ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name##. You can also contact ##applicant.prefix## ##applicant.name## directly at ##applicant.phone## and ##applicant.email##.
```

Kind regards,

![signature](./signature.png)
##organizer.name##

> Our Networks

Reviewer: I think you can cut this? Also not the official organizer address below, and you are sending letter as individual

> Our Networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
